Hello,

Here's the documentation that I'm working from regarding the digest 
list functions. I hope it's helpful, but if you need more help I can
probably dig something else up.  

There are a couple of ways to change settings for your subscriptions. A
fairly easy way for most, since it doesn't require remembering Majordomo
commands and allows you to manage multiple subscriptions quickly, is to
create a sign-in at http://groups.queernet.org, where you can make changes
to your subscriptions using a visual interface. There is also a good help
section that explains how to use the majordomo e-mail interface. This is
accomplished by sending e-mail commands to majordomo@queernet.org.

This is the help section on changing to digest mode (in this case,
"LISTNAME" would be changed to "glb-knit"):

Receiving Messages in a Digest:

A mailing list can be configured to bundle sets of posted messages
together into a collection called a "digest."  Each mailing list
can have several digests configured.  The most basic way to change
your delivery class to receive a digest is to use the following
command (substitute the name of a mailing list for LISTNAME):

  set LISTNAME digest

Three digest formats are available for every digest:  MIME, text, and
index.  MIME digests contain every part of every message, including any
attachments; this is the most common format.  Text digests include only
plain text message parts.  Index digests display the subject line
and other information about each message, but the message contents
are omitted.

To choose a new digest format, add its name after the word "digest"
in the set command, for example:

  set LISTNAME digest-mime

Each mailing list can have several digests.  To see a description
of the digests that are available for a particular mailing list,
use the following command:

  lists-full LISTNAME

As an example, if a list has three digests (daily, weekly, biweekly),
you can include their names in the set command, for example:

  set LISTNAME digest-daily-index
  set LISTNAME digest-weekly
  set LISTNAME digest-biweekly-mime

Cheers, 

sam 

(glb-knit administrator)

-------
tycho(ish) @
garen@tychoish.com
http://www.tychoish.com/
http://www.criticalfutures.com/
"don't get it right, get it written" -- james thurber
